Sri Lanka is a little island situated just below the Indian subcontinent and is renowned
for its natural beauty.
The recently expanded facilities at the branch office in Wattala were dedicated on January
11, 2014.
Preparatory to the dedication event, much work was involved, special effort was made to
give a very local touch to the setting.
Which was done by many willing workers in preparing for this special event.
Many volunteers from nearby congregations shared in the Preparatory work.
Even members of the Bethel family joined in helping out after their work day was over and
on weekends.
It was a joyful time as everyone worked together as one happy family to make this event a success
and to bring glory to Chihuahua.
The visiting guests were made to feel comfortable with both handcrafted gifts and artwork.
Soon our visitors 130 delegates from 19 countries started arriving.
They were warmly welcomed by the Bethel family in a traditionally Sri Lankan style.
Soon that happy day arrived, specially invited guests started pouring in in an orderly fashion.
It was beautiful to see people of all races mingle together as one family.
The kitchen staff worked all hours to prepare food for the 900 guests for the dedication
program.
The program reviewed the progress of construction and the history of the work in the country
and included experiences from visiting delegates.
The highlight was the dedication talk delivered by Brother Mark Sanderson, a member of the
governing body.
He highlighted three ways in which we may engage in the work of building as God's fellow
workers to his praise.
After a heartfelt prayer, the program concluded.
The guests from overseas were then treated to refreshments and a meal that was traditionally
Sri Lankan with locally flavored music in the background.
The entire country was invited to a special meeting at four locations on the following
Sunday.
A local indoor stadium was the main center.
All other locations were tied in by video.
Those separated by distance, everyone felt part of one big spiritual family under our
Heavenly Father.
The highlight of this meeting was the talk delivered by Brother Sanderson.
He considered the subject of how we may maintain joy despite trials.
This was an unforgettable occasion for all the brothers.
There was a total attendance of 7,701.
This has been a truly historic occasion in the geographic history in the little island
of Sri Lanka.
The enlarged facilities at the branch of this will surely be a center to promote pure
worship in a country whose fields are truly ripe for harvesting.